Pipelines install feedback (#1151)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/pipelines/hello-world/index.md

- [Terragrunt](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/) installed on your system
- A [classic GitHub PAT](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#personal-access-tokens-classic) with `repo` scopes and access to Gruntwork modules

:::info

> To create a classic GitHub PAT, go to https://github.com/settings/profile, click on `Developer Settings`, then `Personal access tokens`, then `Tokens (classic)`, then `Generate new token (classic)`. In the "Note" field, enter "Gruntwork Pipelines POC" (or something similar), select the `repo` scope checkbox, and click `Generate token`. Keep your token handy; we'll be using it shortly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a classic GitHub PAT, go to https://github.com/settings/profile, click on `Developer Settings`, then `Personal access tokens`, then `Tokens (classic)`, then `Generate new token (classic)`. In the "Note" field, enter "Gruntwork Pipelines POC" (or something similar), select the `repo` and `workflow` scope checkboxes, then click `Generate token`. Keep your token handy; we'll be using it shortly.
```

Reviewer: Sorry for missing this before!
